Added Custom Script doc for Publish (#501)
appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus: docs/publish-integrations/common-publish-integrations/custom-script.md

---
title: Custom Script
description: Allows you to create custom Publish flows that are not available in the default steps.
tags: [custom script, publish, customized publish flow]
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import Screenshot from '@site/src/components/Screenshot';

# Custom Script

You can use the **Custom Script** steps to add extra functionalities in your [Publish flow](/publish-module/publish-flow). Appcircle will execute the commands specified in your custom scripts, allowing you to perform custom actions. These scripts will run on the runner, giving you access to all the capabilities of the publish environment.

> All points mentioned in the **Custom Script** documentation for [Build Workflow](/workflows) are also applicable to the **Custom Script** in [Publish](/publish-module). Therefore, the same details will not be repeated in this document. For more information about the **Custom Script** step, please refer to the following link:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The guidelines detailed in the **Custom Script** documentation for [Build Workflow](/workflows) also apply to the Custom Script in [Publish](/publish-module). Therefore, this document will not repeat those details. For comprehensive information about the Custom Script step, please visit the link below:
```
